\section{Acknowledgments}
The first author thanks Nicola Bienati, Paul Fowler, and Ilya Tsvankin
for fruitful and stimulating discussions. A special acknowledgment
goes to Giuseppe Drufuca and the members of the DSP(GEO) research
group at Politecnico di Milano for their support.  The second author
acknowledges partial financial support from ExxonMobil and
RPSEA\footnote{The funding by RPSEA was provided through the
\emph{Ultra-Deepwater and Unconventional Natural Gas and Other
Petroleum Resource} program authorized by the U.S. Energy Policy Act
of 2005.  RPSEA (\texttt{www.rpsea.org}) is a nonprofit corporation
whose mission is to provide a stewardship role in ensuring the focused
research, development and deployment of safe and environmentally
responsible technology that can effectively deliver hydrocarbons from
domestic resources to the citizens of the United States.  RPSEA,
operating as a consortium of premier U.S. energy research
universities, industry, and independent research organizations,
manages the program under a contract with the U.S. Department of
Energy's National Energy Technology Laboratory.} and thanks Tariq
Alkhalifah, Will Burnett, and Yang Liu for helpful
discussions. \new{Both the authors are indebted to Alexey Stovas and
the anonymous reviewer for their excellent reviews. Their suggestions
and insightful remarks have improved the clarity of the paper.}


